Update headless browser docs (#4613)
scrapy/scrapy: docs/topics/dynamic-content.rst

A `headless browser`_ is a special web browser that provides an API for
automation.

Since version 2.0, it is possible to integrate libraries that use the
``async/await`` syntax. One such library is `pyppeteer`_ (an unnoficial
Python port of `puppeteer`_), which uses headless Chrome to download and
render pages.
The following is a simple snippet to illustrate its usage within Scrapy::

    import pyppeteer
    import scrapy

    class PyppeteerSpider(scrapy.Spider):
        name = "pyppeteer"

>         start_urls = ["data:,"]  # avoid making an actual upstream request

Reviewer: TIL, nice trick

        async def parse(self, response):
            browser = await pyppeteer.launch()
            page = await browser.newPage()
            await page.goto("https:/example.org")
            title = await page.title()

>             yield {"title": title}

Reviewer: I think this needs `await browser.close()` to be correct, probably with some sort of try/except, and avoid leaking resources.

Keep in mind that this is just a proof of concept, since it circumvents
most of the Scrapy components (middlewares, dupefilter, etc).

There are some 3rd party projects which provide better integration:

* https://github.com/elacuesta/scrapy-pyppeteer

> * https://github.com/lopuhin/scrapy-pyppeteer

Reviewer: I probably wouldn't suggest this one. @lopuhin do you intend to maintain it?

A `headless browser`_ is a special web browser that provides an API for
automation.

Since version 2.0, it is possible to integrate libraries that use the
``async/await`` syntax. One such library is `pyppeteer`_ (an unnoficial
Python port of `puppeteer`_), which uses headless Chrome to download and

> render pages.

Reviewer 2: I would not mention coroutine syntax or the Scrapy version that introduced it. I would simply state here that installing the asyncio reactor (with a link to the corresponding section, which explains that support was added in Scrapy 2.0) allows you to use pyppeteer, an asyncio-based headless Chrome/Chromium automation library.

Doing this also makes the first post-example paragraph unnecessary.

The following is a simple snippet to illustrate its usage within Scrapy::

    import pyppeteer
    import scrapy

    class PyppeteerSpider(scrapy.Spider):
        name = "pyppeteer"
        start_urls = ["data:,"]  # avoid making an actual upstream request

        async def parse(self, response):
            browser = await pyppeteer.launch()
            page = await browser.newPage()
            await page.goto("https:/example.org")
            title = await page.title()
            await page.close()
            yield {"title": title}

For this example to work, Scrapy needs to be running on top of the
:ref:`asyncio reactor <install-asyncio>`.

> Keep in mind that this is just a proof of concept, since it circumvents
> most of the Scrapy components (middlewares, dupefilter, etc).
> 
> The following is a list of 3rd party projects which provide better integration:

Reviewer 2: :lipstick: 

```suggestion
Using pypeteer_ directly circumvents most of the 
Scrapy components (middlewares, dupefilter, etc). Use
one of the following Scrapy plugins for better integration
with Scrapy:
```

* https://github.com/elacuesta/scrapy-pyppeteer
* https://github.com/lopuhin/scrapy-pyppeteer

> * https://github.com/clemfromspace/scrapy-puppeteer

Reviewer 2: It would be great if we could feature some pros of using each solution. And if any solution provides no pros over the rest, it may be better not to cover it.

Author: I removed https://github.com/lopuhin/scrapy-pyppeteer and https://github.com/clemfromspace/scrapy-puppeteer because they are unmaintained, and https://github.com/clemfromspace/scrapy-selenium because Selenium is blocking and I don't think we should encourage it's usage here.
